# Applied-Machine-Learning
## IUB CSCI-P556
### This repository contains the final project made during the Spring'22 semester.

### Project Abstract.
Many people have a tough time getting loans because their credit histories are poor or non-existent. Untrustworthy lenders, unfortunately, may often take advantage of this demographic. Home Credit strives to enhance financial inclusion for the unbanked by promoting an enjoyable and secure borrowing experience. To guarantee that this underserved group has a positive loan experience, Home Credit employs a variety of alternative data, such as the person's background information, and machine learning algorithms to anticipate their clients' repayment potential. The goal of this project is to create an effective classification system for determining a client's financial ability to pay their debts. We have selected this data source as our final project for the course. To find the best solution, we will investigate a variety of machine learning methods, from traditional machine learning to deep learning, feature engineering, and hyperparameter searches; while using what we have learnt during the course – put to its best use. In Phase 1, we built a very basic model with two algorithms, logistic regression and random forest. In Phase 2, we find that the hyperparameter searches and feature engineering help us find a better model with an increased accuracy score. In Phase 3, we finish our final goal of building a model with an Artificial Neural Network. Through the last two phases we have tackled the problems like data processing issues and memory issues, that we have tackled by performing various data transformations and saving data into temporary files. As the final result of our Phase 3, we found out that the neural network we built gives an accuracy score of around 91.8% which we have selected for our final Kaggle submission. In this submission we got a score of 0.722 (public) and 0.709 (private).

